README.md, before:

# travis-nightly-builder
Rake tasks to build compatible language runtimes via API.

The Rake task `build` tasks 3 arguments (shown below) and invokes appropriate
API calls to initiate builds.

## `build` Rake task rguments

1. Repository name
1. Branch to build
1. Space-delimited argument list to override the builds

## Compatible repositories

### [travis-rubies](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis-rubies)

Builds Ruby

```sh-session
$ rake build['travis-rubies','build','RUBY=2.1.9']
```

### [php-src-builder](https://github.com/travis-ci/php-src-builder)

Builds PHP

```sh-session
$ rake build['php-src-builder','default','VERSION=7.0.6 ALIAS=7.0']
```

### [cpython-builder](https://github.com/travis-ci/cpython-builder)

Builds Python

```sh-session
$ rake build['cpython-builder','default','VERSION=3.5.0b3']
```

The task needs `VERSION=…` set, or else it will fail.

### [travis-erlang-builder](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis-erlang-builder)

Builds OTP Release

```sh-session
$ rake build['travis-erlang-builder','master','VERSION=19.0']
```

### [perl-builder](https://github.com/travis-ci/perl-builder)

Builds Perl

```sh-session
$ bundle exec rake build['perl-builder','master',"VERSION=5.24.0 ALIAS=5.24"]
```

For Perl with extra configuration flags, do:

```sh-sessin
$ bundle exec rake build['perl-builder','master',"VERSION=perl-5.24.0 NAME=5.24.0-shrplib ARGS='-Duseshrplib -Duseithreads'"]
```

### [apt-whitelist-checker](https://github.com/travis-ci/apt-whitelist-checker)

Runs tests for APT package whitelist requests

Commit message:

Add fourth argument to build task
which filters jobs in `jobs.include` in the build configuration

README.md, after:

# travis-nightly-builder
Rake tasks to build compatible language runtimes via API.

The Rake task `build` tasks 3 arguments (shown below) and invokes appropriate
API calls to initiate builds.

## `build` Rake task rguments

1. Repository name
1. Branch to build
1. Space-delimited argument list to override the builds
1. String to filter jobs. The string should be a semicolon-delimited list of
   equal-delimited key-values pairs. Those jobs in `jobs.include` that match
   _all_ of the filters will be chosen and put on the payload; e.g.,
   'dist=bionic'

## Compatible repositories

### [travis-rubies](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis-rubies)

Builds Ruby

```sh-session
$ rake build['travis-rubies','build','RUBY=2.1.9']
```

### [php-src-builder](https://github.com/travis-ci/php-src-builder)

Builds PHP

```sh-session
$ rake build['php-src-builder','default','VERSION=7.0.6 ALIAS=7.0']
```

### [cpython-builder](https://github.com/travis-ci/cpython-builder)

Builds Python

```sh-session
$ rake build['cpython-builder','default','VERSION=3.5.0b3']
```

The task needs `VERSION=…` set, or else it will fail.

### [travis-erlang-builder](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis-erlang-builder)

Builds OTP Release

```sh-session
$ rake build['travis-erlang-builder','master','VERSION=19.0']
```

### [perl-builder](https://github.com/travis-ci/perl-builder)

Builds Perl

```sh-session
$ bundle exec rake build['perl-builder','master',"VERSION=5.24.0 ALIAS=5.24"]
```

For Perl with extra configuration flags, do:

```sh-sessin
$ bundle exec rake build['perl-builder','master',"VERSION=perl-5.24.0 NAME=5.24.0-shrplib ARGS='-Duseshrplib -Duseithreads'"]
```

### [apt-whitelist-checker](https://github.com/travis-ci/apt-whitelist-checker)

Runs tests for APT package whitelist requests
